README.md, before:

# Project Title

Write a 1-2 sentences that quickly and clearly convey what your repo is for.

## Overview

Expand on those introductory sentences with a brief but informative description of your project's purpose and goals. This section should help visitors decide whether they should dig deeper into your repo/project.

### Interesting Insight (Optional)

This is optional but highly recommended. You'll include one interesting insight from your project as part of the README. This insight is most effective when you include a visual. Keep in mind that this visual must be included as an image file (e.g., JPG, PNG, etc.). You can export plots created with `{ggplot2}` by using the function `ggsave`.

## Data Sources and Acknowledgements

Be sure to list where you got any data used within the project. Be sure to acknowledge any one whose work or elements you're drawing upon.

## Current Plan

Provide some information about what you intend to doe with the project. You can additionally refer the visitor to your detailed plan document.

## Repo Structure

Use this section to explain the structure of your repo. This should help visitors quickly figure out where they should look to find certain elements. Further, you can use this space to highlight and briefly explain important/key files in the repo.


## Authors

Give information about who are the authors of the project and how people can get in touch if they have questions.

Commit message:

Revise README for project clarity and focus
Updated project title and overview to clarify focus on offense vs defense in championship games. Revised sections on data sources, current plan, and repo structure for better clarity.

README.md, after:

# Defense VS Offense In the Big Games
Defense wns championships! Or does Offense actually do it?
## Overview

One of the biggest most widely know sayings in the sports world is defense wins championships but have we actually doubted this? Who says its actually the reason teams win. What if the offense is more important in championship games. In this project we will use statistics and analysis to really determine what is more crucial to success. We will create a report that gives an in depth analysis of offense vs defense from championship games to see what was the determining factor in the big games. 

### Interesting Insight (Optional)

This is optional but highly recommended. You'll include one interesting insight from your project as part of the README. This insight is most effective when you include a visual. Keep in mind that this visual must be included as an image file (e.g., JPG, PNG, etc.). You can export plots created with `{ggplot2}` by using the function `ggsave`.

## Data Sources and Acknowledgements

All the data is coming from sports reference.com and the real data from the teams and the years.

## Current Plan

The current plan is to work together to get our data into r and wrangle it to get what we need and then properly display that to analysis our data were using.

## Repo Structure

Use this section to explain the structure of your repo. This should help visitors quickly figure out where they should look to find certain elements. Further, you can use this space to highlight and briefly explain important/key files in the repo.


## Authors

Give information about who are the authors of the project and how people can get in touch if they have questions.
